Our world is filled with breath-taking beauty.
Why did God create the earth in such a special way?
Even from space, it stands alone as wonderfully unique.
God created the earth with an abundance of water.
He placed it at just the right distance from the sun
and set its rotation at just the right speed.
He gave it a moon to stabilize the earth tilt, contributing to consistent seasons.
And he created an amazing variety of living creatures to share the earth with.
Why did God put forth so much effort to create this beautiful earth?
Because he wanted to give the first human couple, Adam and Eve, a wonderful home.
As long as they obeyed God, they and their children would live forever
and expand the paradise garden to cover the entire globe.
This was God's purpose for the earth.